Update README file to reflect the modular architecture changes - Closes #3075 (#3129)
LiskHQ/lisk: framework/src/modules/README.md

# Modules

### Table of contents

* [Description](#description)
  * [Core Modules](#core-modules)
  * [Custom Modules](#custom-modules)
* [Module Communication](#module-communication)
  * [InMemory Channel](#inmemory-channel)
  * [ChildProcess Channel](#childprocess-channel)
* [Module Lifecycle](#module-life-cycle)

## Description

Modules are individual building blocks for Lisk Core.

### Core Modules

Core Modules are shipped along with the Lisk Core distribution itself. These modules constitute the minimum requirements to run a functional Lisk Core instance.

#### List of Core Modules

> * **Chain Module:** takes care of all events and actions, that are related to the blockchain itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Chain Module:** handles all events and actions, that are related to the blockchain system.
```

* **HTTP API Module:** provides API endpoints, that enable users and other programs to communicate with the Lisk blockchain through the API.

> * **Network Module:** takes care of P2P communication between nodes.

Reviewer: this doesn't exist yet

> * **Network Module:** takes care of P2P communication between nodes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

     */
    get defaults() { return {}; },

    /**
     * List of valid events which this module wants to register with the controller.
     * Each event name will be prefixed by module alias, e.g. moduleName:event1.
     * Listing an event means to register the event in the application.
     * Any module can subscribe or publish that event in the application.
     *
     * @return {Array} events - String Array of events.
     */
    get events() { return []; },

    /**
     * Object of valid actions which this module want to register with the controller.
     * Each action name will be prefixed by module alias, e.g. moduleName:action1.
     * Source module can define the action while others can invoke that action.
     *
     * @return {Object} actions - Contains all available action names as key, and the corresponding function as value.
     */
    get actions() {
        return {
            action1: action => {},
        }
    },

    /**
     * Method to be invoked by controller to perform the cleanup.
     *
     * @return {Promise<void>}
     */
    async unload() {},
};
```

## Module Communication

> Modules communicate with each other through channels.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Modules communicate with each other through event-based channels.
```

> These channels are event-based. These events can trigger more events across various listeners.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Modules running in different processes communicate with each other over IPC channels.

### InMemory Channel

Communicates with modules which reside in the same process as the [controller](../controller/README.md).

> If not specified differently, modules will load in the same process as the controller.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, modules will load in the same process as the controller.
```

> ```js

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> this.registerModule(ChainModule, {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 	genesisBlock: this.genesisBlock,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 	constants: this.constants,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> });

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

```

> ### Childprocess Channel

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Child Process Channel

Communicates with modules which do not reside in the same process as the Controller.

To load a module in a child process, make sure you have `ipc` enabled in the config file and set the environment variable `LISK_CHILD_PROCESS_MODULES` with the module alias. Multiple modules can be defined by using commas like `LISK_CHILD_PROCESS_MODULES=httpApi,chain`
```

> ### Childprocess Channel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Child Process Channel
```

Communicates with modules which do not reside in the same process as the Controller.

> To load the module in a child process, specify `useSocketChannel: true` when passing the module options.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To load the modules as child processes, specify the following environment variable: `LISK_CHILD_PROCESS_MODULES=httpApi,chain`.
```

```js

> this.registerModule(HttpAPIModule, {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 	constants: this.constants,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 	useSocketChannel: true,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	loadAsChildProcess: true
```

> });

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
